Add information about reserved keywords (#1050)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/components/data-connectors/mysql.md

+----------+
```

> This value cannot be the following keyword that is reserved by MySQL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This the dataset name cannot be the following keyword that is reserved by MySQL:
```
